README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: HAProxy

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/emmetog/ansible-role-haproxy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/emmetog/ansible-role-haproxy)

Installs HAProxy on RedHat/CentOS and Debian/Ubuntu Linux servers.

**Note**: This role _officially_ supports HAProxy versions 1.4 or 1.5. Future versions may require some rework.

**Note**: This role is based on the [geerlingguy/ansible-role-haproxy](https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-haproxy) role,
with a few adaptations to make the configuration more flexible.

## Requirements

None.

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see `defaults/main.yml`):

    haproxy_sockets:
        - "/var/lib/haproxy/stats level admin"

The sockets through which HAProxy can communicate (for admin purposes or statistics). To disable/remove this directive, set `haproxy_sockets: []` (an empty array).

    haproxy_chroot: /var/lib/haproxy

The jail directory where chroot() will be performed before dropping privileges. To disable/remove this directive, set `haproxy_chroot: ''` (an empty string). Only change this if you know what you're doing!

    haproxy_user: haproxy
    haproxy_group: haproxy

The user and group under which HAProxy should run. Only change this if you know what you're doing!

    haproxy_log_destination: /dev/log

The destination to log to, you won't normally need to change this from it's default value.

    haproxy_defaults: []
      # - "option forwardfor"
      
Any configuration that should be added to the "defaults" section.

    haproxy_frontend_servers: []
      # - name: http-in
      #   bind:
      #     - "*:80"
      #   extra_configs:
      #     - "acl host_bacon hdr(host) -i ilovebacon.com"
      #     - "use_backend bacon_cluster if host_bacon"
    
HAProxy frontend configuration directives.

    haproxy_backend_servers: []
      # - name: bacon_cluster
      #   balance_method: leastconn
      #   servers:
      #     - name: node1
      #       address: 10.0.0.1:8080
      #   extra_configs:
      #     - "option httpclose"
      #     - "cookie JSESSIONID prefix"

HAProxy backend configuration directives.

    haproxy_global_vars:
      - 'ssl-default-bind-ciphers ABCD+KLMJ:...'
      - 'ssl-default-bind-options no-sslv3'

A list of extra global variables to add to the global configuration section inside `haproxy.cfg`.

## Dependencies

None.

## Example Playbook

    - hosts: balancer
      sudo: yes
      roles:
        - { role: geerlingguy.haproxy }

## License

MIT / BSD

## Author Information

This role was origianlly created in 2015 by [Jeff Geerling](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/), author of [Ansible for DevOps](https://www.ansiblefordevops.com/),
this fork is maintained by Emmet O'Grady.

Commit message:

Allow changing haproxy restarted handler

README.md, after:

# Ansible Role: HAProxy

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/emmetog/ansible-role-haproxy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/emmetog/ansible-role-haproxy)

Installs HAProxy on RedHat/CentOS and Debian/Ubuntu Linux servers.

**Note**: This role _officially_ supports HAProxy versions 1.4 or 1.5. Future versions may require some rework.

**Note**: This role is based on the [geerlingguy/ansible-role-haproxy](https://github.com/geerlingguy/ansible-role-haproxy) role,
with a few adaptations to make the configuration more flexible.

## Requirements

None.

## Role Variables

Available variables are listed below, along with default values (see `defaults/main.yml`):

    haproxy_sockets:
        - "/var/lib/haproxy/stats level admin"

The sockets through which HAProxy can communicate (for admin purposes or statistics). To disable/remove this directive, set `haproxy_sockets: []` (an empty array).

    haproxy_chroot: /var/lib/haproxy

The jail directory where chroot() will be performed before dropping privileges. To disable/remove this directive, set `haproxy_chroot: ''` (an empty string). Only change this if you know what you're doing!

    haproxy_user: haproxy
    haproxy_group: haproxy

The user and group under which HAProxy should run. Only change this if you know what you're doing!

    haproxy_log_destination: /dev/log

The destination to log to, you won't normally need to change this from it's default value.

    haproxy_defaults: []
      # - "option forwardfor"
      
Any configuration that should be added to the "defaults" section.

    haproxy_frontend_servers: []
      # - name: http-in
      #   bind:
      #     - "*:80"
      #   extra_configs:
      #     - "acl host_bacon hdr(host) -i ilovebacon.com"
      #     - "use_backend bacon_cluster if host_bacon"
    
HAProxy frontend configuration directives.

    haproxy_backend_servers: []
      # - name: bacon_cluster
      #   balance_method: leastconn
      #   servers:
      #     - name: node1
      #       address: 10.0.0.1:8080
      #   extra_configs:
      #     - "option httpclose"
      #     - "cookie JSESSIONID prefix"

HAProxy backend configuration directives.

    haproxy_global_vars:
      - 'ssl-default-bind-ciphers ABCD+KLMJ:...'
      - 'ssl-default-bind-options no-sslv3'

A list of extra global variables to add to the global configuration section inside `haproxy.cfg`.

    haproxy_restarted_status: restarted
    
The status the haproxy service should be in when this role changes some configuration.

## Dependencies

None.

## Example Playbook

    - hosts: balancer
      sudo: yes
      roles:
        - { role: geerlingguy.haproxy }

## License

MIT / BSD

## Author Information

This role was origianlly created in 2015 by [Jeff Geerling](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/), author of [Ansible for DevOps](https://www.ansiblefordevops.com/),
this fork is maintained by Emmet O'Grady.
